helm: add conftest-test to check-helm-tests target (#3289)
grafana/mimir: docs/internal/contributing/contributing-to-helm-chart.md

## Updating compiled manifests

We keep a compiled version of the helm chart for each values file in the `operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/ci` directory and its sub-directories.
This makes it easy to see how a given PR impacts the final output.

> A PR check will fail if you forget to update the compiled manifests, and you can use `make build-helm-tests` to update them and `make check-helm-tests` to verify them.

Author: I've tried to improve this, not sure how well it went

### Static checks

> Use the make targets `conftest-fmt`, `conftest-verify` and `check-helm-tests` to lint, verify and execute [conftest](https://www.conftest.dev/) static analysis tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To lint, verify, and execute [conftest](https://www.conftest.dev/) static analysis tests, use the make targets `conftest-fmt`, `conftest-verify` and `check-helm-tests`.
```
Rationale: put the what before the how.

> The tests are verifying that the policies defined in `operations/helm/policies` are met for all Kubernetes manifests generated from configurations defined under `operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/ci` and its sub-directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests verify that the policies defined in `operations/helm/policies` are met for all Kubernetes manifests that are generated from configurations that hare defined in the `operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/ci` directory and its sub-directories.
```
